I've never in my life shave my
mustache I've trimmed it but
I've never fundraiser has never
touched my upper lip in my
entire life so two things are
true there's no hair grows
between the prepared to maintain
and I don't shave that this
doesn't go there and then it
goes like in the lower half of
the lib so there's all the hair
right there and so we get two
largest you know and I've had
this message back ever since
when
mustaches were style some people
have used it as being in
nineteen seventies porn stash
one must use all the porn stars
of the era have mustaches but
yeah I just it's just a little
barber scissors to sort it all
in your mouth and get all mushy
I remember being fourteen or
fifteen to the drawing in a
mustache wearing get into
X-rated movies were four point
was completely free on the
internet is your only access and
so I tried to pretend like I was
17 or something
1415 who knows how real it
actually looked to others I have
to believe as an adult myself
that the adult people at the
movie theater they must have
known they just must have known
he just laughed about it later
kids always think they can
outsmart adults
and pretty sure dolphins let him
think that